Clarify how Rect and positions relate in the intro tutorial (#3111)
pygame-community/pygame-ce: docs/reST/tutorials/en/intro-to-pygame.rst

colorkey or alpha transparency from the file. After loading the ball
image we create a variable named ballrect. Pygame comes with a
convenient utility object type named :class:`Rect <pygame.Rect>`,

> which represents a rectangular area (to manage the position of an
> object in the screen).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which represents a rectangular area (which can be used to manage the position of an
object in the screen).
```

:meth:`Surface.blit() <pygame.Surface.blit>` method.
A blit basically means copying pixel colors from one image to another.
We pass the blit method a source :class:`Surface <pygame.Surface>`

> to copy from, and a :class:`Rect <pygame.Rect>` object, representing

Reviewer 2: I would suggest here to stay with the old sentence. It feels more logical and intuitive to pass a destination position (which is even more used than Rects based on datas I don't have), rather than making a rect.

> to copy from, and a :class:`Rect <pygame.Rect>` object, representing
> the position to place the source onto the destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to copy from, and a position (which can be a :class:`Rect <pygame.Rect>` object or a pair of numbers e.g. (50.0, 25.0) ), to place the source onto the destination.
```
